[CF Queues] Add info on message ordering (#12393)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/queues/learning/how-queues-works.md

Queues are designed to be reliable, and messages written to a queue should never be lost once the write succeeds. Similarly, messages are not deleted from a queue until the [consumer](#consumers) has successfully consumed the message.

> Queues do not offer guarantees to deliver messages in order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queues does guarantee that messages will be delivered to a consumer in the same order in which they are published.
```
